Log:
ari's asleep for a while!

Shtuff:
- Zig... zig is so unfinished.. i give up..

---
ADHD:
- So many times I'll start Duolingo, which is only 4 mins max mind you often less, then ill get bored in the middle or at 70% and press home then start doing something what like scrolling Twitter, discord, a short yt vid, webtoons, and COMPLETELY forget about Duolingo for perhaps an hour, or multiple hours, then i suddenly notice that the Duolingo icon is bright red and angry because it's 10pm and i haven't done it yet
- Sometimes taking long long times to write just a couple messages to Ari bc they're messages that i want to contain a lot of my feelings in a way that won't be misunderstood and also won't make her feel bad, but that's a difficult weighing task and i keep only writing 3 words at a time than pausing or even forgetting for a while.
After i woke up at 9am, the above occurred, and also uuf i knew i wasn't being fair but it's badf
---
Things to do:
- [x] Shower (& shtuff) Brush
- [ ] Voice training
- [x] Daily journal
---
Slept: 5pm       (24 hrs since [[24-06.28-Fr]])
Woke: 9pm - Only 4 hours??? `for the record i was eepy`
Slept: tomorrow [[24-06.30-Su]]

---

---

---

---

---
More:
- [x] Stretch - W sit, Forward fold, Splits
- [ ] Osu!std - 3 full plays
- [ ] cs50
- [ ] Krita
- [ ] 2 Brush 1 Floss

Nice to have:
- [ ] APUSH - [any](https://youtu.be/jqf_c9Pw8gs)
- [ ] R&S

One time:
- [ ] SAT Math
- [ ] SAT Reading
- [ ] Drivers Ed
- [ ] Cuticle
- [ ] Nutritional
- [ ] Skincare
- [ ] Depilatory
- [ ] BECOME [SAT TUTOR](https://schoolhouse.world/sat-bootcamp/tutor) 

Need to do:
- [ ] Schedule drives

[Psych course?](https://ea.asu.edu/courses/introduction-to-psychology-psy-101/) 
Fake screentime generator for iOS and Android?
Git for Android?
Godot solo vis?
Godot hider node?
Godot scene change?
Website? Sheepcommander.moe?
Simple C projects..
Godot asset drawer LOCAL

Honors recital bruh..