Log:
Ariiiiiiiiiiii i mefsed upp

Shtuff:
- Church www

ADHD:
- Several times I've put off writing texts to ari, and not just put off, but completely entirely forgotten about them mid-way through a sentence. Even though I consider them to be the most important thing.
- Milo told me to sleep so we can play Stellaris with Jack Kieran Ryan later. I immediately felt an urge to lock in and stay awake.
- Cooking takes so much effort. If it's more than one step, I can't do it. First the barrier to entry: I think about how even Chapagetti or Indomie I'll need to open the packet, I'll need to prepare the pan and stove, I'll need to add water...... my mind already refused to do it four steps ago.
	- But then if I was a human person I would think abt it for a bit... well I still need to eat afterall, so I'll just set in and do it anyways. But, being stupid, I'm like "Well I may as well starve anyways." Since ofc I want to be even skinnier than I am. Actually I'd like to be 60 or 55 kilos lol. Anyways........
	- I got distracted after the "Anyways" and have no idea what I was writing. Oh right, it was that there actually is a microwaveable thing in the Freezer, but it's for my little brother. Normally I'd eat it anyways, but again "Well, I may as well starve..."
	- If I continue staying up, I'll probably give in to my hunger and eat it in a few hours. If I fall asleep on the other hand... I might continue starving myself ehe. If Ari was awake she'd probs tell me to eat and then I'd decide to eat.
- I suddenly thought of a project idea I needed to add to the [[Daily Template]] and ran to my computer then... forgot about it. Then 10 minutes later I'm like "Oh yeah I was going to add that" and I open Obsidian but have no idea what it was. Still don't know. (4:42am)
- Oh right! It was to make my own programming language! (4:52am)
- Jesus I wrote 6+ paragraphs and did several other things in the last 10 minutes. (The paragraphs at the top were written AFTER 4:42am).
---
Yay Ari awake!

---
Things to do:
- [x] Shower (& shtuff) Brush
- [ ] Voice training
- [ ] Voice training
---
Slept: 9am    (12hrs since [[24-06.29-Sa]])
Woke: 1pm  - 4 hours
Slept: tomorrow [[24-07.01-Mo]]

---

---

---

---

---
More:
- [ ] Stretch - W sit, Forward fold, Splits
- [ ] Osu!std - 3 full plays
- [ ] cs50
- [ ] Krita
- [ ] 2 Brush 1 Floss

Nice to have:
- [ ] APUSH - [any](https://youtu.be/jqf_c9Pw8gs)
- [ ] R&S

One time:
- [ ] SAT Math
- [ ] SAT Reading
- [ ] Drivers Ed
- [ ] Cuticle
- [ ] Nutritional
- [ ] Skincare
- [ ] Depilatory
- [ ] BECOME [SAT TUTOR](https://schoolhouse.world/sat-bootcamp/tutor) 

Need to do:
- [ ] Schedule drives

[Psych course?](https://ea.asu.edu/courses/introduction-to-psychology-psy-101/) 
Fake screentime generator for iOS and Android?
Git for Android?
Godot solo vis?
Godot hider node?
Godot scene change?
Website? Sheepcommander.moe?
Simple C projects..
Godot asset drawer LOCAL
Blake FNF game
Discord bot

Honors recital bruh..