#daily #europe not France anymore!!

---
1 hour until landing in Seattle: 2:51am in EU time:
IT HAS BEEN LOTS AND LOTS OF FLYING!!!

I read so much Mihon, so much Webtoon, so much...

i got so bored it occurred to me that i can play Arcaea. But actually I'm not that interested in Arcaea. Then i tried a few things before remembering Obsidian! I should write things here! 

Maybe like how ari is still very insecure about our relationship and i should be more active about that, or how i look like a hideous monster but the steps are Removing Acne, Removing Facial Hair, then getting better skin and lips and eyelashes and nose

I still think it's weird that despite everything i seriously seriously felt, for several days, that i would drink a bottle of cleaning fluid and hope for quick death if one materialized in my lap.
Dysphoria is insane. Or maybe it's Europe's fault!!!

specifically, because of this trip, i couldn't get the acne medicine refill. Which took away one of the things that was helping me look less ugly. Then I, of course, got more acne. And couldn't do anything about it. And I had to use a shower other than my own.
(altho i admit that it wasn't actually that bad, the hardest part is being forced to use it 'outside my comfort zone' for the first time)

Although I do still need to lose some weight, i think I shouldn't care too much about it until the months before i get hrt. Then i can lose all my boy bodymass and then regain weight and muscle with hrt.

Also, i think i need to crush my chest/ribcage and my shoulders. I wonder if ill be able to buy a chestbinder without papa noticing or questioning. 

I will now move on to writing some thoughts in my society and other places.

---
Wrote stuff!! Landing in 17 minutes!! Yayy

Some time ago Papa was telling me about how many Christians believe they know who they are and what they want and that they go against God's plan because of that. 
And that's actually not a problem, God is willing to work with everyone where they're at. 
And God's plan is always better and really more beneficial for you. When you go against God's plan the one who's unfortunately missing out is you. 

^ Something about how papa said this made it seem so easy to me, because as a trans person I've never had a specific idea of what i wanted to be in the future, aside from cute and the opposite gender. 
While in practice i may struggle in the face of every challenge; at the very least in theory and principle i believe i will happily accept God's plan. Partly because there's nothing better for me, and also because i have no desires of my own aside from being comfortable and cute. 

I need to read about Eunuchs in the Bible, who a heartwarming article said had similar lived experience to transgender people, even though they were indeed not transgender themselves. 

Darnit the Bible app isn't offline. Stupid capitalists.

...
I think being prepared to end my own life despite tangibly better life, tangibly better family, and despite supposedly caring about ari, and desite saying i love you to family and ari, and despite believing in god, makes me an exponentially more selfish person than Ari.

I actually was surprised when Ari *was* influenced by me and decided not to attempt again. When I was in that mindset I didn't care at all about my relationships, and I assumed it must've been the same for Ari. Must be a difference in our conditions lol

i also still think it's interesting that being suicidal (honest?) to ari ended up actually helping. Also I need to get my nails done. They're gross. 

btw my arms and fingers look like old veiny witch arms. Dry, terrible skin, terrible form, veins coming out, ugh.

I still can't tell whether or not my experience lines up with BPD. / I get these intense or un comprehensible feelings sometimes.

When i read up on it it felt like literally everything applied to me until the last 5~10% / Sometimes they're very much about dysphoria, but something makes me think such feelings are not solely because of dysphoria. 

I should probably read the BPD DSM-5 again since perhaps if i interpret the criteria a little bit differently maybe it will make more sense to me / I feel intense feelings not just about myself but about life, my future, ari.. etc. 

---
PLANE JUST LANDED AS I FINISH LAST SENTENCE YAYYY

---
7:11pm in SEATTLE

i went to sleep immediately after coming home then woke up close to noon?

Anyways- idk! still trying to figure otFACTORY RESET